llmspell-agents/src/composition/capabilities.rs:488:23 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-agents/src/monitoring/performance.rs:103:26 cast_sign_loss
llmspell-agents/src/monitoring/performance.rs:130:32 cast_sign_loss
llmspell-agents/src/tool_errors.rs:225:13 cast_possible_truncation
llmspell-bridge/src/globals/session_infrastructure.rs:16:1 cast_possible_wrap
llmspell-bridge/src/globals/state_global.rs:602:21 cast_possible_wrap
llmspell-bridge/src/multi_agent.rs:224:22 cast_possible_wrap
llmspell-bridge/src/standardized_workflows.rs:63:23 cast_possible_truncation
llmspell-bridge/tests/integration/session_workflow.rs:481:68 cast_possible_wrap
llmspell-bridge/tests/lua_workflow_api_tests.rs:28:1 cast_possible_wrap
llmspell-bridge/tests/migration_runtime_test.rs:82:5 cast_lossless
llmspell-cli/src/commands/backup.rs:389:17 cast_sign_loss
llmspell-cli/src/commands/keys.rs:138:21 cast_possible_wrap
llmspell-events/tests/high_frequency_stress.rs:148:25 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-events/tests/high_frequency_stress.rs:160:21 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-events/tests/high_frequency_stress.rs:235:21 cast_lossless
llmspell-events/tests/high_frequency_stress.rs:288:9 cast_sign_loss
llmspell-events/tests/high_frequency_stress.rs:363:9 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-events/tests/high_frequency_stress.rs:56:17 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-events/tests/high_frequency_stress.rs:67:26 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-hooks/src/builtin/debugging.rs:149:5 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-hooks/src/builtin/debugging.rs:326:5 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-hooks/src/builtin/debugging.rs:445:34 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-hooks/src/builtin/debugging.rs:76:36 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-hooks/src/builtin/retry.rs:226:27 cast_lossless
llmspell-hooks/src/builtin/retry.rs:269:71 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-hooks/src/builtin/security.rs:617:62 cast_possible_truncation
llmspell-hooks/src/circuit_breaker.rs:239:13 cast_lossless
llmspell-hooks/src/circuit_breaker.rs:257:34 cast_lossless
llmspell-hooks/src/circuit_breaker.rs:267:29 cast_lossless
llmspell-hooks/src/persistence/inspector.rs:133:5 cast_lossless
llmspell-hooks/src/persistence/inspector.rs:208:26 cast_lossless
llmspell-hooks/src/persistence/inspector.rs:211:13 cast_lossless
llmspell-hooks/src/priority.rs:104:5 cast_possible_wrap
llmspell-hooks/src/priority.rs:109:5 cast_possible_wrap
llmspell-hooks/src/rate_limiter/token_bucket.rs:117:34 cast_possible_truncation
llmspell-hooks/src/rate_limiter/token_bucket.rs:124:40 cast_sign_loss
llmspell-hooks/src/rate_limiter/token_bucket.rs:25:5 cast_possible_truncation
llmspell-hooks/src/rate_limiter/token_bucket.rs:46:36 cast_possible_truncation
llmspell-hooks/src/rate_limiter/token_bucket.rs:46:36 cast_sign_loss
llmspell-hooks/src/rate_limiter/token_bucket.rs:57:32 cast_sign_loss
llmspell-hooks/src/rate_limiter/token_bucket.rs:68:5 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-hooks/src/rate_limiter/token_bucket.rs:71:31 cast_possible_truncation
llmspell-hooks/src/rate_limiter/token_bucket.rs:78:50 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-hooks/tests/hook_persistence.rs:403:9 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-hooks/tests/hook_persistence.rs:410:30 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-security/src/sandbox/network_sandbox.rs:226:12 cast_possible_truncation
llmspell-security/src/sandbox/resource_monitor.rs:125:39 cast_lossless
llmspell-security/src/sandbox/resource_monitor.rs:206:5 cast_lossless
llmspell-security/src/sandbox/resource_monitor.rs:218:31 cast_lossless
llmspell-security/src/sandbox/resource_monitor.rs:65:5 cast_lossless
llmspell-state-persistence/examples/schema_evolution.rs:593:18 cast_lossless
llmspell-state-persistence/src/backup/compression.rs:147:46 cast_possible_wrap
llmspell-state-persistence/src/backup/compression.rs:184:46 cast_possible_wrap
llmspell-state-persistence/src/backup/manager.rs:209:43 cast_lossless
llmspell-state-persistence/src/migration/planner.rs:327:35 cast_possible_truncation
llmspell-state-persistence/src/schema/migration.rs:532:44 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-state-persistence/src/schema/migration.rs:533:13 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-testing/benches/circuit_breaker.rs:154:63 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-testing/benches/circuit_breaker.rs:215:33 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-testing/benches/event_throughput.rs:21:24 cast_sign_loss
llmspell-testing/benches/event_throughput.rs:278:25 cast_lossless
llmspell-testing/benches/event_throughput.rs:329:9 cast_lossless
llmspell-testing/benches/hook_overhead.rs:164:33 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-testing/benches/hook_overhead.rs:201:14 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-testing/benches/migration_performance.rs:17:14 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-testing/benches/migration_performance.rs:21:22 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-testing/benches/state_operations.rs:199:55 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-testing/src/workflow_helpers.rs:90:1 cast_possible_wrap
llmspell-tools/tests/dry_principle_verification_test.rs:115:48 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-tools/tests/web_search_real_integration.rs:45:13 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-utils/examples/response_builder.rs:93:5 cast_lossless
llmspell-utils/tests/circuit_breaker_integration.rs:182:9 cast_lossless
llmspell-workflows/src/adapters.rs:119:5 cast_possible_truncation
llmspell-workflows/src/error_handling.rs:104:34 cast_sign_loss
llmspell-workflows/src/error_handling.rs:73:5 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-workflows/src/error_handling.rs:93:13 cast_precision_loss
llmspell-workflows/src/error_handling.rs:93:44 cast_possible_truncation
